>> Brian Holt: So we're close.
Now all the animations and showing up and
going away, that's all working.
But now we need to keep
track of the score.
So we're gonna say,
we'll put it up here at the top,
let's score = 0.
>> Brian Holt: And when they get to
ten points, they're going to win.
So you can keep track of
points however you want to.
I think in my notes I have
it at increments of ten, but
there's not reason why we
couldn't just do it by one.
So if
>> Brian Holt: Score is greater than or
equal to 10, then win the game, all right?
The win method here in just a second.
And then up here we're
gonna say score plus plus.
So they're going to get one point for
every time that they
click on one of these.
Once they get to 10 points
then they're gonna win.
>> Speaker 2: This is
in the feed function?
>> Brian Holt: Mm-hm,
bottom of the feed function.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, good so far?
>> Brian Holt: Okay, underneath that
we're gonna create a function called win.
>> Brian Holt: And all we're gonna
do with the win function is we're
gonna say
document.get.querySelector.bg and
we're going to say, class list.ad hide.
And then relatively similar, we're going
to have another thing called the win
screen and
we're going to remove hide from it.
>> Brian Holt: And then we're gonna go
have to create both of those things.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
it just wrote that right there.
Now we're gonna go into our styles and
we're gonna add two things here.
One of them is gonna be called
>> Brian Holt: Hide,
that's what we called it.
So hide is gonna be display none, whatever
has hide on it is not gonna show up.
>> Brian Holt: So honestly,
we have gone up here,
we could have just reused that as well.
But because those are kind
of semantically differnet,
I'm going to keep them
as separate classes.
But you could have also just have
done something like this as well.
Or you could just use gone
in both places as well.
I'm fine with any one of those solutions.
>> Brian Holt: So
we'll just keep it like that for now.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
now we're gonna go into our index.html.
We're gonna add an image
down here at the bottom.
Its source is going to be ./win.png,
and you've won the game.
>> Brian Holt: And
it's going to have a class of win.
And as well as we don't show it initially,
so we're gonna have it be hide.
>> Brian Holt: So now hopefully, if we
refresh this and we click on ten of these,
>> Brian Holt: One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten,
and you get a happy
little mole at the end.
>> Brian Holt: You might put it to
like two or three if you're testing,
rather than make yourself have to
click through ten every single time.
>> Brian Holt: So
when we add the hide to the background,
that's going to hide basically
the entire game board.
Which is why all that stuff has gone away.
And now, it's just the win screen.